docs: add TSTyche to the References section (#590)
JoshuaKGoldberg/eslint-plugin-expect-type: README.md

## References

> You might consider using other popular type assertion libraries:

Reviewer: I like the delineation between "library" and "tool" in theory, but in practice I think it falls apart a bit on Vitest. Vitest itself is a tool, but not a type assertion focused one. What it exports is kind of a superset of a type assertion library...

Proposal: how about this, with one single alphabetized list after it?

```suggestion
You might consider using other popular libraries and tools that can run type assertions:
```

(or some phrasing like that)

Author: Thanks. I agree, it sounds better like this.
